Add Independent Agent Release doc (#2824)
elastic/docs-content: reference/fleet/fleet-agent-release.md

---
navigation_title: "{{agent}} release"
mapped_pages:
  - https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/fleet/current/fleet-agent-release.html
applies_to:
  stack: ga
products:
  - id: fleet
  - id: elastic-agent
---

# {{agent}} release process [fleet-agent-release]

{{agent}} follows a release process aligned with the broader Elastic Stack release schedule. Changes and fixes are documented in the [release notes](../../release-notes/fleet-elastic-agent/index.md).

> ## Independent Agent Release

Reviewer: Yes technically it should be independent Elastic Agent Release and we could just not use the IAR acronym in public docs.

> Independent Agent Release (IAR) is a fast-track release process for {{agent}} and Endpoint, designed to deliver critical fixes and updates independently of the full stack release. The IAR version format appends a build identifier `+build{yyyymmddhhmm}` to the semantic version it is based on, where `{yyyymmddhhmm}` is the release timestamp of the build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Independent Agent Release (IAR) is a hotfix release process for {{agent}} and Elastic Defend designed to deliver critical fixes and updates independently of the full stack release. The IAR release process is more conservative than a typical patch release, and only modifies the specific Elastic Agent components needed for a targeted fix. For example, an IAR hotfix release for Elastic Defend would only change the endpoint-security executable with the remaining executables being exactly those released in the previous patch. 

The IAR version format appends a build identifier `+build{yyyymmddhhmm}` to the semantic version it is based on, where `{yyyymmddhhmm}` is the release timestamp of the build.
```

Reviewer: Added some other language to emphasize that we don't relax the quality level to obtain speed and these releases are more conservative in what they change.

> Independent Agent Release (IAR) is a fast-track release process for {{agent}} and Endpoint, designed to deliver critical fixes and updates independently of the full stack release. The IAR version format appends a build identifier `+build{yyyymmddhhmm}` to the semantic version it is based on, where `{yyyymmddhhmm}` is the release timestamp of the build.

Author: Should it be "the independent agent release" instead of "an"? I'm not sure this acronym with this specific meaning is widely used.

> Independent Agent Release (IAR) is a fast-track release process for {{agent}} and Endpoint, designed to deliver critical fixes and updates independently of the full stack release. The IAR version format appends a build identifier `+build{yyyymmddhhmm}` to the semantic version it is based on, where `{yyyymmddhhmm}` is the release timestamp of the build.

Reviewer 2: Ah, I think I misunderstood this part in the paragraph to mean a specific release, and somehow overlooked that it referred to the process itself. Also seeing Craig’s suggestion, maybe it should remain without an article after all.
